new era games games for playstation 3
playstation 4 and xbox one on media
digital and initiates beauty who is
talking is a scene with another video to
you
and in this video I will show a method
for you to destroy the cave door
it's mining galley
before that I'll show the location
stay at this point on the map exactly
this point is now as follows
What are you going to do, get a
tan
will put it
throw
in that
you will do
the pan is not fluffy foot and
just this guys
you're going to launch a missile directly
in that wooden door there was a door is
now there is no more
Look here, crazy people.
whoa neglect
ruan
Old face is very dark here.
Let's take a look at where this goes.
tunnel
How far is this cava is itá pill
if I put it in the first person
I'm crazy here and there
story mode galley in the manjo nothing
beauty but I found this crazy here
fall on the floor
For which side do we follow?
take a look at this side
it's old
I'll explore everything here.
be careful not to lose our
face
it's closed here
let's go now
there ne
the park has a
closed also
The idea is there right?
face
Old olmedo and sent here old looks
that
we
it seems he died of thirst
kaka
let's take a look in this direction
opa
paulo a opa has here
a box
face
the sinister
Wow
Something's got here.
do not be careful not to get lost
Fuck, there's no way out, man.
sinister
sinews beginning
People, I'm going to stay here, and if you
liked to let liked the favorite
sharing it on facebook will give
chinese spot channel
if you have not registered and sign up
on the channel as it teaches which videos all
The days I'm staying around here.
from this tunnel until the next video was